---
layout: post
title: "Comparisons of Task Managers"
date: 2012-02-01 09:59
comments: true
categories: [tasks, gtd, productivity]
---

Every few months, I end up deciding if what current task manager I am using is
right for me. I initially used Remember the Milk and then switched to Google
Tasks before settling on NirvanaHQ. Now that I've been using NirvanaHQ, I've
decided to look around at other task managers.

## Astrid

I tried Astrid when I first got my Android phone. One of my biggest annoyances
with NirvanaHQ is that they do not have an Android app and their mobile web app
is not great. I found Astrid to be very powerful but the interface wasn't great
and sync didn't always work. When it did sync to their website, I wasn't a huge
fan of their webapp. If you're only planning to use your task manager on your
phone, then Astrid may be a good choice for you.

[http://www.astrid.com](http://www.astrid.com)

## Todo.txt

Being an avid Lifehacker reader for the last few years, I decided I would try
Gina Trapini's Todo.txt. Since I was looking at multiple task managers, the idea
of keeping your data with you was extremely appealing. However, using the
command line all the time and the fact that you have to pay for the mobile apps
was not ideal. I actually discovered that I am more often near a web browser than
I am to a text editor.

[http://todotxt.com/](http://todotxt.com/)

## Wunderlist

Since I have an iPad and an Android phone, I was looking for something cross
platform. Wunderlist seemed to be an appealing option and is visually the most
stunning of all the apps. The web app, Android app and iPad app are all 
gorgeous. My one problem with Wunderlist was that I had been spoiled by
NirvanaHQ. Wunderlist lacked a lot of the nice features of NirvanaHQ mainly
repeating tasks, subtasks, tags and schedule dates. Schedule dates is probably
the least important of them all. I'm going to keep my eye out on it for the
moment and see if I want to switch.

[http://www.wunderlist.com/](http://www.wunderlist.com/)

## Workflowy

My friend Stan Rosenthal suggested his followers to checkout Workflowy on his
twitter feed. Workflowy is probably the most unique task manager on this list.
Basically the concept is you get one gigantic unordered list which you can keep
adding tasks to and subtask all you want. Each subtask, you can also share with
people and let them finish projects. It's a really cool idea but I found it to
be a little too chaotic for me to manage my tasks.

[https://workflowy.com/](https://workflowy.com/)

## Wunderkit

This is the more project based version of Wunderlist made by the same company.
Wunderkit basically takes Wunderlist and adds areas which have notes and status
updates. The cool thing is that you can share an area with a friend. I haven't
really experimented with it too much yet but definitely let me know if you want
an invite in the comments.

[http://www.wunderkit.com/](http://www.wunderkit.com/)
